let's turn to some breaking news now the
deputy assistant secretary for Israeli
Palestinian Affairs at the US state
department Andrew Miller has resigned
he's citing family reasons and said if
it weren't for family responsibilities
he would have stayed on to fight for
what he believes in multiple officials
have resigned from the state department
over the Biden Administration stance on
the war in Gaza well let's go to mam
bashara Al jazer senior political
analyst he's joining us now from Paris M
Andrew Miller has been a skeptic of the
administration's approach to this
conflict from this beginning his
colleagues are saying that he would have
fought for his beliefs if he felt he
could have see he's saying he hasn't
seen his family hardly in the last eight
months he's not the first to resign but
certainly the most senior I understand
with this
portfolio well look I mean judging from
The Washington Post uh reporting on his
resignation clearly there's more to it
than uh family obligations clearly this
is a thankless job uh to be a state
department official uh presided on by
secretary Anthony blinkin who basically
has man manipulated and monopolized
decision making in a way that left very
little room for the uh you know for the
diplomats who've been working there for
decades or for years or the Specialists
within the state department if you're
not a hardcore Zionist in blink's State
Department there is no point being there
if you're not passionate about
supporting Israel or have been paid in
order to support Israel or have been
appointed through some kind of an APAC
arm of some sort or some kind of those
uh you know Washington Insider groups
that are meant to be supportive of
Israel then it's a terribly thankless
job because if you thought uh
37,000 people killed uh by Israel with
the support of the United States is
taking place and you can do nothing
about it what's the point of being there
m this is coming as a bit of a blow
surely to others who've been trying to
change policy from within I see a number
of officials who've resigned not just
from the state department but also the
Pentagon other other parts of government
they've been trying to come together in
recent weeks is that likely to make any
sort of a
difference you remember we've seen many
different statements people signing them
uh not exactly uh you know officially or
publicly a lot were
Incognito because of how this could
translate in terms of their um you know
future careers in
Washington so it's not surprising to me
uh that Miller and others would quit
what's surprising to me is that dozens
of others are not quitting because
seriously we haven't seen anything
as suspicious as
thankless as uh Biden blink's policy on
Gaza whereby the Biden Administration
and its officials are continuously
humiliated by their junior Partners in
the Israeli government who just until
just what couple of couple of days
ago humiliating the Biden Administration
cooking up lies about armed supplies
trying once and again uh to humiliate
the Biden Administration in a way uh uh
to prepare perhaps to for a trump
Administration when in fact
blinkin uh has done so much for
Netanyahu and his government of Fanatics
you would think that blinkin would have
probably been Israel's Secretary of
State not
Americar aler Senor political analyst
there thank you for sharing your
thoughts on this SM